docs: renaming Sessions panel to Snapshots (#502)
telerik/fiddler-everywhere-docs: inspect-traffic/inspect-traffic.md

## Overview Traffic Statistics

To extract information about the captured sessions, go to the **Live Traffic** grid, where each request/response entry (session) shows in a row with multiple columns fields. There you can extract valuable data such as the returned status code, the host and the URL, the type of the used protocol (HTTP or HTTPS), the body size in bytes, and the HTTP method (GET or POST). The output traffic can be filtered, exported, commented on, and shared for further and detailed inspection.

To open the structured information about the session in the [**Overview** tab]({%slug overview-tab%}), follow these steps:

> 1. Capture HTTP(S) traffic while using your preferred [capturing mode]({%slug capture-traffic-get-started%}). ALternatively, you can load previosly saved session's snapshot from the **Snapshots** list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Capture HTTP(S) traffic while using your preferred [capturing mode]({%slug capture-traffic-get-started%}). Alternatively, you can load previously saved session snapshots from the **Snapshots** list.
```
